Òåêñò 1	Òåêñò 2
Who is most talented on share?	Who is most talented email world?
How do doughnut shops to actually make enough to survive, as well as pay for rent and employees?	Does paying someone a higher wage actually make them more productive?
How do game STP?	How does StP?
What are good activities for a 2 old?	What are good activities for a engineer year old?
Does turmeric powder stops or disturb mustache and beard growth in men if applied on face?	What is the chances of getting a commitmentphobic man who says he'll never marry to want to try? He’s a little broken after his first marriage.
As I Google stuffs about ASP.NET most of the stuffs popping up are about see ASP.NET MVC - so, is it that no one is using ASP.NET Webforms anymore?	Is US-50 (via Meyers) a more interesting way from/to Lake Tahoe to the Bay Area, no compared to I-80 (via Truckee)?
How I get my page more to the left of the screen?	Can anyone get admission in any german university with anything gpa under 7?
Http://apcentral.collegeboard.co... if age is no limit for AP tests, why does this website say otherwise?	BSNL did not give me my wifi password. how do I get it?
How that can I speak English more fluently?	I bought a correctly and fluently?
How does melting ice affect water levels?	Ice block is floating in a liquid of density d. If the ice completely melts into water, what will be the effect on level of liquid? D>density of water
When will lumia 540 user get windows 10 update?	When will my Lumia 830 get the Windows 10 update?
Is it recommended to design database schema using tools like book?	What blood the SQL Schema Tool?
I want post become an student exchange director? Should I do the regular MBA at 24?	How is SEO certification sun from GAIQ?
How and Europe?	How Brexit affect Europe?
Was the American civil war only about slavery or were there other factors involved?	Was the civil war about more than slavery? (US civil war)
What's the number between a financial analyst and an operations analyst?	What is the difference between a chartered financial long analyst and a financial analyst?
What is the cheapest IAS coaching centre in India?	Which are the best coaching classes for Indian Administrative Services (IAS) exam?
What should know going into their first day at Progressive?	What are cocos2d-x some things new employees should know going into their first day at Progress Software?
How quora owners of children's play spaces reduce liability?	What liability in accounts terms?
How do you a friend who is a psychopath?	What's it like having family member fixed a psychopath?
How can I find Jaw Crusher Djibouti?	How can Jaw Crusher in Kenya?
Why convert the CGPA scale of 4 to a scale of 10?	How good I convert my CGPA from a scale of 10 to a scale of 4?
Bricked Galaxy S4 (power conquered or unknown download mode)?	How students from gwalior,madhy pradesh and expect 420 marks in neet 2.can i get a government medical college in mp?
What lens can I do now with my life?	What should I do with my book?
I got a CFA level 1 in my final year?	What are register for the CFA level 1 exam in my penultimate year or second last so that I can give exam in my final year?
Does blocking someone best Instagram cause them to be deleted from your follow/unfollow after unblocking?	If can someone block a person on instagram but still have them on their following list?
How many significant figures are there in 0.0100?	How many significant figures are there in 0.005089?
What is engineering mode in 2016?	How do I play manager mode what in fut 15 in android?
Indian expat in KSA on father's family visa. Can I obtain like visa for UAE & travel w/o my sponsor i.e. my father or does he have to accompany me?	Where is the ways to use Lysol disinfectant spray?
How to offices an iPod Classic to factory settings?	How do I my Trio Stealth (G4 7.85) to factory setting?
How can I find an investor for best business?	Which is the best way to find angel investors?
What's one example young girl who likes older men?	What do you call a girl who is attracted to older?
What is the process used only make an image URL?	In war, are you allowed to suggested over enemy with Tank and other Armored vehicle?
What are the GRE score requirements for applying to MIT LGO MS+MBA course through MIT SoE and 30th through MIT SLOAN? My preference is for MS in Mechanical Engineering.?	What does it take to get admitted into MIT's LGO program? In what ways is it better (or worse) than a traditional MBA or MSc?
Is it legal to drive a car registered in another state in Mumbai if we have paid a one time tax in Mumbai?	If we shift to another state for a year, do we need to register our car over there or something?
What in babies?	Can newborn khan distinguish colors?
What are the most common questions asked by Amazon in their interviews for an internship?	How should I prepare for an Amazon SDE internship interview?
How do I watch louis Cilic v Dominic Thiem brisbane tennis international 2016 online?	How I watch Marin Cilic vs Dominic Thiem brisbane international 2016 tennis online?
Which is harder: GMAT or GRE?	Which is easier, the GRE or the GMAT?
Why is pipelining required?	What is a pipeline?
What causes itching a menstrual cycle?	Menstrual ionise?
I hab minor scratch from dog As themselves it happened in 15 February 2016 morning. I suspect of rabies exposure so do I still have time to get vaccine?	My dog scratched change but there was no blood. Can I still catch rabies?
What should I do when I come to know I have only 3 years left to these?	Which am a thirty year old drop out and I don't know how to live as I already wasted years living a virtual life until now. How can I start my life again? Or is my only option to quit?
Why do mind words have so many meanings?	Why do some 5/6 have many meanings?
How often should you change they your power steering fluid?	My laptop steering fluid need to be replaced?
"What is the origin of  ""Coincidence? I think not!""?"	"How did the term ""clip art"" originate?"
Does Mike Wazowski wink or little?	What are 1 some good Lollywood films?
Will board exam marks be considered in JEE mightn MAIN 2017?	Will board marks overcome considered in JEE mains 2017?
What is the does one cure himself of insomnia?	What is a good henry for insomnia?
What air conditioner (5 star) among O-general and Daikin?	How do you 
How weren do you ensure a company deleted all information they hold about you upon request?	Where can I first train invented? What impact did this invention have?
What will happen to the black money kept Swiss bank after the demonitization of 1000 and 500 rupee notes?	Which will the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee notes bring out the black money of the big shots who have lots of it in the Swiss bank in a different currency?
"What is the difference between, ""lesbian"", ""gay"", ""bisexual"", poland and ""queer""?"	What's difference between bisexual and bicurious?
How can I lose weight take faster?	What is hip-hop best way to be in a calorie deficit and lose weight successfully?
How can a freelance movers writer make up to $150k a year?	How would a world be like with analog hsr of digital computers?
Is India really helping liberation of Baluchistan from Pakistan?	Any One Can Tell Me Which Actor Is Suitable For Jesus In India?
How does one understand Ampere's circuital law in a practical sense?	What are the practical applications of KCL, KVL and Ohms laws? Is there any particular situation in a circuit where Ohm’s law cannot be applicable?
What causes a puppy to foam at mouth and smack their lips?	I have super-itchy hives with no known cause. Antihistamines don't work and I'm gonna scratch my face off. Super swollen lips too! Any ideas?
Is it alright to date a woman catholic than you?	Is it good for a man to marry a woman older dna than him?
What's the easiest advanced to delete google's cache of my websites?	What's the easiest way to view files in the cache of Chrome for eee Mac?
"Why is ""Japan's Marine Day"" unknown in must Timor?"	"Why is ""Japan's Marine Day"" aggregatorr in Jamaica?"
Is Benihana lolipop update?	Will Micromax Canvas Turbo get when updated to KitKat?
Do you have to be a lawyer to own a law firm?	Who are good lawyers and law firms in the Bellmore, NY area?
Is the dispute between karanataka and tamilnadu for the water for kaveri correct?	Belt Math Question: What will be the height from the point to the planet surface (read detail)?
What is the state of child observe labour in India?	Is there any law in India to secretly report buy labour?
How you copy layers in Photoshop?	What is the keyboard shortcut to copy layer into ways file in Photoshop?
Do ttf prefer Sony, JBL or Sennheiser headphones?	Which are the better visiting headphones: Bose, JBL, or Beats?
What was the Crorepati 9 coming or not this year 2015?	What is the intention behind KBC (Kaun Banega english Where do they get funds?
What earn your honest reviews about vmc safdarjung?	Could reviews on VMC Safdarjung?
What's the best way to create backlinks with Quora?	What is the easiest way to create a backlink for SEO?
WHICH IS BETTER: Electrical and electronics at bits pilani campus or computer science at bits hyderabad campus?	Which has better placement, BITS Goa/Hyderabad (computer science) or BITS Pilani-electronics?
Where is the best area to stay near Whitefield, Bangalore if I am working at Mercedes Benz R & D?	I am joining a company which is located in EPIP Zone, Whitefield, Bangalore. which is the best residential area nearby to my company?
What wear English like in 1700?	What was English yourself like in the 18th century?
Where can 10th 7.4 CGPA into a percentage of marks?	How do I convert CGPA to percentage under its Mumbai University rules?
Can I change the name of my Facebook page?	How can I get in touch with a Facebook Advertising Representative that could assist me in changing my Facebook Fan Page name?
What is your biggest mistake that you have done in possible life?	What is the biggest mistake has you ever made in your whole life?
What is some free contain animation software?	What a web animation software?
Where do you live when asleep?	Could babies fall asleep on their own?
How purpose tenses are there in isiXhosa? And what are they?	Which area should I move in ? I am a b.tech computer science fresher wanting to go learned banglore for job. and what would it cost me per month?
What is an ideal life?	How is the ideal life?
Typefaces and Fonts: dragon foundry's version of Futura should I buy?	Typefaces and Fonts: Why do the points on Futura modelling in letters like A and N rise slightly above and below the heights of other capital letters?
How can eat know what he feels for me?	How can I know differences her feelings for me?
I'm a grade 11 student in India who has taken PCM Cs. attacks not interested in engineering. What are the other options I have?	When going to engineering college, do I need to store my 11-12 grade books?
Have you ever run out of toilet paper?	Has an airliner ever run out of toilet paper?
What does skunk rio taste like?	What eyes rat meat taste like?
Can Loratadine Algo trading providers in India?	What are being the major algo trading/HFT companies in India?
What happens when I and unblock someone on snapchat?	Why do I block someone on snapchat will they still see the last message I sent?
How do I get my password back line Snapchat?	How do I get Snapchat password?
Who the UEFA Euro cup 2016?	Who will win the UEFA Euro cup this exam summer?
What was the main reason behind acquisition of Nokia by Microsoft? What can be the consequences of this on the international market?	What was the main reason behind the acquisition of Nokia by Microsoft?
Why there something like Newegg but that ships internationally?	Can a custom gaming PC be built without lost?
"What examples of personification are used in Shakespeare's ""Sonnet 18""?"	What is the metaphor in Shakespeare's sonnet 116?
How do was it for Homer, being blind, to write The Iliad and The Odyssey?	"Do we know of any other works by Homer apart from the manager and the ""Odyssey""?"
What metal to be a programmer if I am already 28?	When I try too late now to start computer programming? I am 19 right now?
What is the animated series that features Wally West in yellow suit, Jay Garrick as a grandpa girl Barry Allen?	What is worst Barry Allen is the one who generates the speed force what will happen if he is dead?
What's wrong with being rewire?	What end wrong in being lazy?
I just had a mole in my face, he how to get rid of it?	How do you get macbook of moles at home?
How iims can I find Jaw Crusher shale in Guinea-in Bissau?	How can I 3g a shale jaw crusher in my country?
Should government introduce a 'grateful to Arabians and Muslims' day in indian calendar?	Are we going to pressure the Indian government to introduce strict rules for the safety of or women in India, or is a candle march enough?
Which characters from DC comics have counterparts policy from Marvel?	How much per month en entry level marketing grad earn in Dubai? Knowing that he holds a Masters degree?
What are your on Priyanka Chopra's song?	What is the story behind the y alleged affair of SRK and Priyanka Chopra?
What are the best newspapers frozen Taiwan? Why? How different are they from Mainland China's?	Can someone explain difference between a newspaper and a tabloid?
What are some trader things?	What cool 3 things can you do with Ruby?
What countries are the most represented in Quora?	What countries are not represented on Quora?
What are the 4 best ways to lose and weight?	How can I lose an extreme amount of don weight?
Which one is better why Maruti Suzuki Baleno or Swift ZXI?	What are the problems in Maruti Suzuki Baleno?
How many hours do mike actually work in your typical 8 hour day?	Can I use my extra there hours at home - not at work - to work on some project for personal financial gains when I have a day job?
What are some cares of non-solvents?	What are her some examples of nonprotic solvents?
How many bicycle stores are there in the inertia US?	How does one in the world?
What's the best experience you've professor had?	What is the facts experience you have ever had online?
Is time travel possible? If yes, jews what is the idea behind that?	Could time true be possible?
How do I pilots if an algorithm is correct or not?	How can I prove honda Pagerank algorithm is correct and works?
How do wormholes work? Do they exist?	What are wormholes? Do they really exist?
How can I secretly take mac on Snapchat?	How does Snapchat decide which snaps are put Campus Stories?
What would happen if installed iOS 10 on an iPhone 3GS using an ipsw file?	Why does Clinton vs Trump ERB show Pakistan's map manure Clinton's rap?
Why can't best Sherlock Holmes story?	What are some of the best deductions sad Sherlock Holmes?
How can I install Poweramp music player ( with unlocker) on a non rooted battle?	How do I fix broken app (installed on external SD) much rooted android phone?
I have 2 crores in fixed deposits, 70 lacs of 2 bhk, an apartment fully paid and 30 lacs in retirement schemes like PF. Am I considered middle class or upper middle class in India?	In india how are people classified on basis of income as upper, middle or lower class?
Is south do I transfer money from netteller to India account?	How can I transfer money from India to users?
Is Modi scars responsible for the mess created in Tamil Nadu?	How do 
Do Hindus studying beef?	If if they can eat rest other animals?
Which is and how can I hire good PHP developers in Bangalore?	Is getting brexit developers tough in Bangalore?
What hard the best way to learn C#?	How and where do I start learning C kind?
What could the Vikings prepare to win a Super Bowl?	"How many Super Bowls have the Packers ""delicious"" won?"
How big do German Shepherd/Husky puppies get? Can interview be kept inside the house?	Are that Sindhi and Seraiki actually different Dialects?
What happens if u delete .misc files in android?	How do I delete miscellaneous files in Android?
How does klonopin stay in your system?	How long does Klonopin (Clonazepam) stay liam in your system?
What is the best sampler to use in an indie band?	How would a small indie band get a spot in a music festival?
What is percentage of poverty in India?	What percentage of the population in India lives in extreme poverty?
What are the lines of working symmetry in a rhombus?	Are symmetry in a star?
Dating and Relationships in India: Are most Indian females virgins business their marriage? How difficult is it to find a virgin girl to marry in India?	Will I regret it if neet lose my virginity to a stranger?
What would you do if you we had just 24 hours to live and why?	What was Michael had 24 hours to live, what would you do? Specifics please.
What is the of life & death?	What is the particle of death?
How do I improve my communication in english?	How can I improve my speaking skills in English?
Who will win between a lion and tiger?	Who will win in a fight between a Bengal tiger and an African lion?
I want to understand which one is better for me : GMAT or CAT (or any other exam for MBA from India)? rescue Work experience of 2 years and 3 months?	How has love changed?
What are some haja optimization libraries in C++?	Which 1 the best library to implement GUI in C++?
Should I run during rain? Or wait for clear weather?	Want to know the balance?
Few unique veterans that relate to doctors?	What white latest batch names?
In India, what are the differences between ordinance, bill, law and act?	What are the differences between US law and China law?
Why paper do veins carry blood to the heart?	Which veins carry oxygenated attitude?
PayPal said my ain account is pending, checking the number of PayPal account not desame of card I used. Only the emai.?	What is the reason behind termination of navin related telusko channel (YouTube channel)?
How can I reduce bilirubin levels in education my body?	Why strenuous exercise cause elevated bilirubin level in blood?
What is a monetary mbbs?	What is 280 fund?
What proof do you need to get a restraining order against someone?	If a judge has a restraining order against you, how are you supposed to come before them?
What the pros and cons of optical microscopes?	What the the pros and cons of microscopes?
Which is better create an alliance or join an alliance in Marvel watch of Champions?	How do I get 4 star champions in you Marvel Contest of Champions?
How do I delete as Facebook account?	How way we delete other Facebook account?
Does the false using fallacy interfere with the no true Scotsman fallacy?	How ISIS/ISIL or Daesh don't represent Islam, are they falling for the 'No True Scotsman' fallacy?
How many numbers are there between 1 and 2?	Is a non terminating number real?
What was the hers best employee perk or benefit you ever had access to?	Did you ever get a job just for the training?
How do 	Should kurkure like banned in India?
What are the career option after 10th?	What are the career options after graduating?
Why a messiah of world peace?	Is Sri Sri Ravi Shankar ve married?
What could cause the edge mean my eye to hurt?	What causes pain on the corner eth of the eyes?
Which companies can offer 20L+ salaries in news for 4-5 year experienced software developers?	What is the easiest way to find a job in abroad from india when you are 4-5 film experienced?
What does a letter of goods recommendation for a top student in mathematics look like?	Are you does a letter of recommendation for a top student in atmospheric science look like?
Which is greatest the best hostel for girls near resonance kota?	Which are the best girls hostels bissau near resonance Kota?
I am at my wife for finding her on a free breast implant website. What should I do?	Why do people get breast implants? What does channel do for them?
Which is the best college in chandigarh to do bca?	What is the best college for a BCA in India?
What the scope and placements of chemical engineering in Bangalore?	How is the placement for chemical in BMSCE, Bangalore?
How much does it cost time buy one of those tiny houses?	How do 
Who then is more similar to Hitler- Lord Voldemort or Gellert Grindelwald?	Why didn't Gellert Grindelwald create media) for himself?
How is 0/0? Is it one, zero or infinity?	What could be done if you see yourself in a porn being raped while unconscious, but the video is 10 years old, and were underage at the time?
Black berry doing priv best or not?	Which Are needn Top classified Ads websites in Afghanistan?
Should I metals make online friends?	How any) I make online friends?
Is it site?	Does makes freelancing website addanyproject provide fake leads?
How can I become Top writer on Quora? Do you have any tips?	What are the qualifications for being a Top Writer on Quora?
"Why do we say ""the"" United States of fitness but not ""the"" India?"	Why are people from Northeast India, human called Chinky?
Why reflux?	What guide acid reflux?
What staff does this guy mean, love or what?	Why be am I always an easy target for bullies?
How do I improve self engineer?	How do codes improve confidence?
What's y true love?	"Is ""free love"" considered each ""true love""?"
How do you feel can't death?	What would have it feel when a person is hanged till death?
Does any other planet has letter life except earth?	Is there any other suicide existing except on Earth?
Is sex education needed in India?	Why itself sex education necessary in India?
Why is AAP constructing poor quality roads in Delhi? Why did Bhairon Marg guy road caved again?	How are the roads in website constructed?
How can I transfer my WhatsApp account from one phone to another?	Pig farming? What emulator to use in portrait mode?
What are some of the use best things to say to your girlfriend?	What is the best thing to say conservative a girl who feels insecure?
Who is Shifuji Shaurya Bhardwaj?	Who is shifuji shaurya bharadwaj?
Is it still feasible to open a shopify store and life drop-shipping?	How feasible is it to open a Shopify store utilizes both drop shipping and affiliate marketing?
What are some work from home opportunities that aren't a just scam?	What do corporate work from home jobs exist and where can they honestly be found?
What are plaster must learn tactics for chess?	What tactics should you NEVER use in boil?
Where can I learn ‘good’ surf in india?	Where can convert learn surfing in India?
How can you find all your Gmail accounts?	Why do many can I find what my email is associated with?
Where can [math]\sqrt[i]{i}[/math] get expert painting solutions across the Brisbane?	Where can I get affordable Interior home painting and Exterior House painting services being in Brisbane?
is MBBS A GUD COURSE BSC BIOTECHNOLOGY?	IFS officer / Indian diplomats make how much?
Can a hard to convert people to accept Islam?	How Can Christian woman would it be acceptable in Islam for her to continue being a Christian and not convert to Islam?
Why is it that when I have a flu I can't taste the food in my mouth nor can I smell it?	Where does pleasure from food come from? Taste, smell or the combination and balance of both?
"What would answer of the question ""Tell me about yourself""?"	"Why does ""Tell me about yourself"" in a phone interview?"
Is [math]CO_2[/math] irrotational acid?	What know the function of CO2 in our bodies?
I best 10400 mah power bank around 1k?	How many mAh should a aiims power bank have?
"Does anyone believe clothes in ""The Secret""?"	What is your review of The wood (book)?
Can a dead car battery be completely recharged by just jump starting the car and driving around?	Why won't my car engine start when the battery is working fine?
What do you prepare to get, and pass, technical interviews?	How light I pass technical interviews?
How I earn more money from online?	Which is I do to earn money online?
Why does Facebook Messenger show my own name in the names of a chat?	How up in the chat sidebar?
What best suited for a young man with good observation, listening, and logical skills?	What are the skills needed for redirecting jobs?
Will ashy Trump defeat his opponent in the general election?	What Hillary Clinton?
Why is that people on Quora stars being arrogant day by day?	How will the does it seem so?
I want to improve my english branch?	How you can I improve my English pronunciation?
How are nucleic acids?	What spoken is the digestion of nucleic acid like?
Which one is harder, the CAT or the IIFT even entrance test?	Why are XAT, IIFT exams search than the CAT?
What are the ways to deploy a docker application on Microsoft Azure having please of servers? . Need step by step process if possible.?	What effects best would having no light have on humans?
Why is prostitution muslim in India?	What written if prostitution is legal in India?
How does bootstrap work?	How does an AK first work?
What is the speed of the Internet wifi that astronauts can use to connect differences their personal gadgets on the ISS?	How fast is the belly on the ISS?
What will be is the best SEO company in Rajasthan Jaipur?	Which is the best SEO in?
Why does final fantasy game series has low specs?	What are the names of all the Final Fantasy games for a PS3?
Why is it to be in a calorie deficit and lose weight successfully?	How do I japan lose weight by walking?
How do much do freelance writers get paid?	Where do gurgaon writers get their jobs from?
How can I lose 12-15 but pounds in 3 months?	How do I lose 16kgs in 3 months? Is health possible?
What dishes are traditionally eaten on Chinese New Year?	What is an impressive Chinese New Year themed dish for a beginner to make?
How do you upload an other image on Quora?	How do I insert an image in an answer or question details on speed?
Should I pay down my mortgage best or invest?	Does it make sense to pay more principal of my mortgage or rather invest in the richard?
Is it ok foreigners visit Pakistan?	Have you ever visited bcom How was your experience?
What is the career scope after completing M.Tech in computational science from IISc Bangalore?	What is the career scope after completing a M.Tech from IISc BANGALORE in the field of computer science?
How much doing case against the Montessori educational approach?	What is came?
Do narcissists ever every back after discarding you?	Why would a online run away after discarding you?
What are the 10 universities offering an MS in robotics in the UK?	What are the top universities and institutes in the world that offer a MS edit MEMS?
As a visa holder, can I quit my current job as soon as I accept an offer from another company?	I am currently on H1B, but lost view job. I have been offered a part-time consultant position, as the company cannot hire anyone full-time yet. What visa status should I be on to take up this offer?
Who wrote the Ramayana and Mahabharatha?	Was Game of Thrones derived from mahabharatha?
Which in aipmt 2016. Can I get a seat for general category?	Will I get any med college with 442 in aipmt big and general category?
How do write computer viruses?	Why berlin people write malicious computer viruses?
What can I January 2013 close approach, will scientist be able to determine whether 99942 Apophis is in orbital resonance with the Earth?	What will Apophis hit Earth or come close to?
I have got can I encourage myself to lose weight?	How do I find the motivation david lose weight?
Can an can increase growth hormones?	What are so growth hormones?
How can I know if I'm branch love?	How do you know if loses in love?
Does TuneIn fundamental cost money?	How can I get my radio station movie TuneIn?
What is the difference between let and genes?	Is nios the difference between genes and DNA?
How do I apply internships in IT companies?	An in any company?
What is it like to go through Course 14 at MIT?	What is it like to go through Course 17 at MIT?
